<!--- DO NOT EDIT. This file is automatically generated from module/manual/uk/first_investigator.md changes made to this file will be lost -->
# Initial item setup

The system comes with some compendiums ready for you to customise. These are reset every time you update or install the system so it is recommended you copy them into your own compendium and edit them as required.

This page creates an investigator using the provided compendiums, if you are ready to full customise your character people read [Character creation](character_creation.md) instead.

# Skill

Click on the Compendium Packs tab then under the Item heading open up the Skills Item (CoC7). Here you will find the skills shown on the characters sheets available from Chaosium's website.

- _No adjustment_ - Can not be assigned personal skill points.
- _No XP gain_ - You do not mark this skill for improvement on a success.
- _Specialization_ - This skill is part of a group like Pilot or Flighting.
- _Uncommon_ - This skill is uncommon and can be automatically hidden on the character sheet.
- _Pushed_ - This skill can be pushed.
- _Fighting_ - Automatically set Specialization, Combat, and the specialization name to Fighting.
- _Firearms_ - Automatically set Specialization, Combat, and the specialization name to Firearms.

You can create a new Item Compendium and copy the skills you require into it allowing you to edit them. You can also create new skills by creating new Skill Items (Click on the Items Directory tab then Create Item give this a name e.g. Gardening and set the Type to Skill).

## Setup

Once you have set up your skills next create up a Setup, here is an example from the Items Examples compendium [_1920's Setup Example_]

Setups allow to you standardise what skills, items, biography sections, and characteristics the investigators start with.

Click on the Items Directory tab then Create Item give this a name e.g. New Investigator Setup and set the Type to Setup

On the Description tab to set the description click the button to get an editor.

On the Details tab click the on the Biography Sections to add any sections you require from the Create a Backstory step of investigator creation. Click on the Compendium Packs tab then under the Item heading open up the Items Examples Item (CoC7) and drag the [_Punch_] onto the setup.

On the Characteristics tab you can customise how investigator characteristics are rolled / bought

On the Skills tab you can drag the skills the investigator will have.

All actor and item sheets have a tab which can be used by the Keepers to store notes, only users that are set to GM can see this tab

## Occupation

Occupations allow you set how many the occupation points, credit rating range, and skills the investigator starts with. Here is an example from the Items Examples compendium [_Occupation Example_]

Click on the Items Directory tab then Create Item give this a name e.g. Driver and set the Type to Occupation

On the Description tab to set the description click the button to get an editor.

On the Details tab you can set the Occupation Points calculation and Minimum/Maximum Credit Rating

On the Skills tab you can drag skills from the Compendiums or Item Directory to Common skills, you can also set up multiple Optional skill groups deciding how many the investigator must select.

# Creating your first investigator

## Character

To complete your character you need to have an active scene which can be created in the Scenes Directory.

Click on the Actors Directory tab then Create Item give this a name e.g. New Investigator and set the Type to Character.

You can drag your setup created above on to the character for the initial setup or drag this example instead [_1920's Setup Example_]

Next drag your occupation created above on to the character or drag this example instead [_Occupation Example_]

On the left hand menu bar select Keeper's tools then select Character creation mode.

On the character sheet select the Development tab. The first dot indicates this is an occupation skill, the first column of numbers is the base value, next if where you assign personal points, third is for occupation points, the fourth is for experience gained during the investigator improvement phase, the final column is the total skill percent.

You can see how many personal and occupation points you have spent so far, once you have spent all your points you need to toggle off Character creation mode to allow characters to see their HP, MP, Sanity, and luck
