<!--- DO NOT EDIT. This file is automatically generated from module/manual/uk/links.md changes made to this file will be lost -->
# Links

- Links are a way for a GM to request for a roll (Characteristic, Attribute, Skill, SAN loss, Weapon).
- Links can contain an active effect.
- Links are created in the chat log. When you click a link it will trigger a check for your(s) controlled/impersonated character(s).
- Links can be included in any editor, mainly journal entries.
- Link can be created in 5 ways:
  - By manually typing it (read details below).
  - By CTRL+click on any sheet element (Characteristic, Attribute, skill, SAN loss).
  - By dragging a sheet element (Characteristic, Attribute, skill (+CTRL)) on an editor (Journal entry)
  - By CTRL + dragging an item (skill or weapon) from a compendium or an item directory on an editor. When a link is created that way and the used as a GM, if your controlled character doesn't hold the weapon/skill you'll be prompted to create the corresponding item.
  - By using the included compendium written by Lozalojo.
- Links can be dragged from chat log on an editor.
- When a link is created the difficulty/penalty selection windows will open. Hold SHIFT to bypass that comportment.
- When a link is created, the roll mode will be check. If the roll mode is set to 'blind GM roll' the link will be created as blind.
- When a link is created with a difficulty and a penalty, the difficulty/penalty windows will not pop.
- When a link is created without a difficulty or a penalty, the difficulty/penalty windows will pop. Holding SHIFT will fastforward the roll (regular/no penalty).

## Writing links

- Links should be written using the [Link creation tool](link_creation_window.md). The link creation window is a tool for GM. It's located in the left side bar.

Links for chat messages and sheet editors (NPC, Journal entries...).
Format of link is `@coc7.TYPE_OF_REQUEST[OPTIONS]{TEXT_TO_DISPLAY}`

- `TYPE_OF_REQUEST` :
  - `sanloss`: trigger a san check, upon failure will propose to deduct the corresponding SAN.
  - `check`: trigger a check depending on the options.
  - `item`: trigger use of a weapon. Only items of type weapon can be triggered.
- `OPTIONS: []` = optional, default
  - `sanloss`:
    - `sanMax`: max SAN loss
    - `sanMin`: min SAN loss
  - `check`:
    - `type`: type of check ( `characteristic`, `skill`, `attrib`).
    - `name`: name of the skill/characteristic/attrib.
    - [`blind`]: will force a blind check, if not present the check will depend on your selected roll mode.
  - all:
    - [`difficulty`]: `?` (blind), `0` (regular), `+` (hard), `++` (extreme), `+++` (critical).
    - [`modifier`]: `-x` (x penalty dice), `+x` (x bonus dice), `0` (no modifier).
    - [`icon`]: icon tu use ([font awesome](https://fontawesome.com/icons), `fas fa-dice`).
- `TEXT_TO_DISPLAY`: Name to display, this is optional.

### Examples

| Link                                                                                                    | Result                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `@coc7.sanloss[sanMax:1D6,sanMin:1,difficulty:++,modifier:-1]`                                          | {Hard San Loss (-1) 1/1D6}                                                            |
| `@coc7.check[type:charac,name:STR,difficulty:+,modifier:-1]`                                            | {Hard STR check(-1)}                                                                  |
| `@coc7.check[type:attrib,name:lck,difficulty:+,modifier:-1]`                                            | {Hard luck check(-1)}                                                                 |
| `@coc7.check[type:skill,icon:fas fa-arrow-alt-circle-right,name:anthropology,difficulty:+,modifier:-1]` | {Hard Anthropology check(-1)} (with icon)                          |
| `@coc7.sanloss[sanMax:1D6,sanMin:1]`                                                                    | {San Loss (-1) 1/1D6} (without name, difficulty nor modifier)      |
| `@coc7.check[type:skill,icon:fas fa-arrow-alt-circle-right,name:anthropology,modifier:+1]`              | {Anthropology check (+1)} (with icon, without name nor difficulty) |

### Using links

- You can drag/drop links from chat to sheets and between sheets.
- You can drag/drop a link directly on a token.
- You can drag/drop items and skills on a journal entry while holding CTRL, this will create the corresponding check with regular difficulty and 0 modifier.
- You can create link in the chat by clicking and holding CTRL from any sheet (PC/NPC/Creature) corresponding characteristic/luck/SAN/Competence/weapon/San loss.
  - This will open the select penalty/difficulty dialogue. Clicking on the generated link will then trigger the check with all parameters.
  - Holding Shift on top will not open the penalty/difficulty dialogue. Clicking on the generated link will open the penalty/difficulty dialogue then trigger the check.
