<!--- DO NOT EDIT. This file is automatically generated from module/manual/en/combat.md changes made to this file will be lost -->
# Combat

## Starting the combat

On the scene select the tokens involved on the combat right click on one of them and on the bottom right click on the _Toggle combat state_ icon. This will add the actors corresponding to the selected tokens to the combat tab.
Then on the combat tab you can _start the combat_.

The combat tracker will help you to track both the initiatives of the different actors and the combat rounds.

## Initiative

On foundry combat turns are ordered by initiative, in the system this is usually the _DEX_ of the actor. So to set the initiatives click on the dice icon of each actor or just the icon with 3 persons on the top left of the combat tab to set all at once.

Next to each actor on the combat tab there are 3 icons:

- _A target_: to _draw the gun_ (this will add 50 to that character initiative)
- _A crossed eye_: to show/hide the corresponding actor on the list.
- _A skull_: to mark a character as defeated and skip it for the following turns.

## Select target / targets

During an actor's turn, to attack the first thing to do is to select the target or targets, this can be done by doing a _right click_ on the target's token and then clicking on the _target_ icon (bottom left). Or set the _target_ mode on from the left tool bar and click on the targets.

Then open the actor's sheet and click on the **name** of the item that will be used for the attack. This can be from a single shot of a long range weapon, or some melee attack or a maneuver.
This click will start the attack workflow on the chat, the chat card will allow selecting further options of the attack depending on the type of attack.

> Tip: if you _right click_ on the combat tracker sheet icon, this will pop put this as a little window and you then you can see both the combat tracker window and results of the combat on the chat.

## Melee

## Maneuvers

Not implemented yet.

## Single Shot

## Automate fire

### Multiple Targets

## Reload
