<!--- DO NOT EDIT. This file is automatically generated from module/manual/en/item_occupation.md changes made to this file will be lost -->
# Item Type: Occupation

An _occupation_ helps to define the character background, think about it as the definition of the set of _occupational skills_ (the ones where the character can spend their occupation points) plus the definition of how to calculate the amount of available occupation points. Finally the _occupation_ also allows to define the minimum and the maximum _credit_ for a character with this _occupation_.

Keep in mind that the set of _occupational skills_ doesn't need to be fixed, the system allows to configure the _occupation_ so when it's dragged to a Character sheet will give the option of selecting one or more skills from a closed list, or even add a pre defined number of skills to select from all the available ones.

1. Go to the Items Directory tab
2. Click on Create Item

   1. Give the set up a name e.g. _Librarian_
   2. Set _Type_ to _Occupation_

3. On the _Description_ tab you can change the name, icon, name of the source book, and description
4. On the _Details_ tab you can control

   1. Select the _Occupation Type_
   2. Define the characteristics used to calculate the _occupation points_, you can check the characteristics you want and define the multiplier, for the ones with _Optional_ marked, the player will have to choose one at creation time.

      1. For instance if an occupation uses _EDU * 2 + (STR or DEX) * 2_ You have to select _Education_ and put _2_ on the _Multiplier_ without marking _Optional_ and then for _Strength_ and _Dexterity_ you have to check both, check _Optional_ on both, and put _2_ on the Multiplier on both.
      2. Finally you will have to define the _Minimum_ and _Maximum_ value for the _Credit Rating_ skill for this occupation.

   3. Names of biography sections (click on the `+` to add extra Biography sections), this can be replaced with a single block biography in settings
   4. Under items you can drag and drop default items and weapons

5. On the _Skills_ you can drag and drop skills in to multiple sections, A typical occupation has 8 skills plus the _Credit Rating_ skill.

   1. The _Common Skills_ includes the default occupation skills that can't be changed
   2. The _Optional skills groups_ section allows to add groups (you can create several of them) of skills for the player to choose from. Once you click on the `+` sign a group is created and you can define the _Number to chose from_ (number of skills to select) and create a pool of skills available for the selection by dragging them on the group.
   3. Finally the _Additional Skills_ allows you to enter a number of skills the player can choose from the rest of the available skills.
